attack on titan opening medley for orchestra
magica sonata for piano
moonlight densetsu (piano) sailor moon
secret base (orchestra) anohana
secret base (small orchestra) anohana
studio ghibli cello collection
connect (vocals, orchestra) claris ver. madoka magica
credens justitiam (vocals, piano) madoka magica
i miss you (vocals, strings, flute, etc) madoka magica movie 
luminous (vocals, orchestra) madoka magica movie
magia (vocals, orchestra) ciel ver. madoka magica
secret base (vocals, orchestra) anohana
sis puella magica! (vocals, 2 violins, piano) madoka magica
sis puella magica! (vocals, orchestra) original ver. madoka magica
to the beginning (vocals, orchestra, choir) fate zero
ideal white (orchestra) fate stay night 
memoria (2 violins, piano) fate zero 
memoria (vocals, orchestra) fate zero 
oath sign (2 violins, piano) fate zero
to the beginning (4 violins, piano) fate zero
to the beginning (orchestra, choir) fate zero
to the beginning (vocals, orchestra, choir) fate zero
merry go round of life (piano, flute, etc) howls moving castle
merry go round of life (piano) howls moving castle
clementia (oboe, harp) madoka magica
connect (orchestra) mt ver. madoka magica
connect (orchestra) oru ver. madoka magica
conturbatio (vibraphone, harp) madoka magica
decretum (orchestra) madoka magica
decretum (violin, orchestra) madoka magica
magia (orchestra) madoka magica
magia sonata for piano
salve, terrae magicae (tin wistle, orchestra) madoka magica
sis puella magica (flute, 3 sax, strings) madoka magica
sis puella magica (oboe, flute, orchestra) madoka magica
sis puella magica (orchestra) long ver. madoka magica
sis puella magica (violin, orchestra) madoka magica
surgam identidem (orchestra) madoka magica
sis puella magica (vocals, 2 violins, piano) madoka magica
sis puella magica (vocals, orchestra) original ver. madoka magica
always in this place (vocals, orchestra) steins;gate
another heaven (orchestra) steins;gate
[Beautiful Sound] steins;gate ost - believe me
christina (orchestra, bass) steins;gate 
emotional ost of the day (day 51) steins;gate solitude
emotional ost of the day no. 54.5 steins;gate christina I
emotional osts steins;gate - back home
fake verthandi
gate of steiner (orchestra) steins;gate
hacking to the gate (vocals, orchestra) steins;gate 
hd (pc) steins;gate op a.r.
noisy times from ( ste;gate) 
skyclad observer (vocals, orchestra) steins;gate
steins;gate - believe me
steins;gate - butterfly effect - 03.akihabara
steins;gate - butterfly effect - 05.tajitaji
steins;gate - butterfly effect - 08 future gadget lab
steins;gate - butterfly effect - 12.d-mail
steins;gate - butterfly effect - 14 teenageres tango
steins;gate - butterfly effect - 17 john titor
steins;gate - butterfly effect - 19 no joke
steins;gate - butterfly effect - 20 @channel
steins;gate - butterfly effect - 24 lab members
steins;gate - event horizon - 06
steins;gate - event horizon - 20 boy
steins;gate ost 11 suzuha
steins;gate ost farewell
steins;gate ost - gate of stiener main theme
steins;gate - select of sorrow
steins;gate soundtrack 12 cycle
steins;gate symphony 1 
steins;gate symphony 2 
steins;gate visual novel (skyclad observer) [intro movie]
steins;gate vn sound library 16 sern
steins;gate vn sound library 26 yanabayashi
steins;gate vn sound library 33 technovision
suzuha (piano, strings) steins;gate
my neighbor totoro theme (cello, guitar, piano, db, perc)
the path of wind (cello,violin, piano) totoro
canon
colors
fate
madoka magica


